Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Your family is connected.
What are they saying?
I don't know anything.
Tahar?
Is there another cell operating right now?
Can we expect other hijackings?
What are their capabilities?
I told you.
I don't know anything about it.
Conversation at the mosque?
You want to hear that people
are taking sides?
Of course they are.
A few of the young ones are
packing their bags. Headed for Syria.
So Al-Da'irat is talking to
people here in Vienna?
I don't know.
Can you give me names?
It's too dangerous.
His name is Ilyas Shishani.
We think he might be here in Vienna.
I don't know this man.
Is there anyone else I can talk to?
I'm sorry.
Give me your phone.
Your phone.
Quick.
Please.
Brothers and sisters...
You are taking part in a great struggle
that comes from a place of love.
Love of Allah.
Love of our parents and children.
Grandfather. I know
you understand the situation.
Yes?
Who's this?
His name is Ilyas Shishani.
We think he might be here in Vienna.
I don't know this man.
It's been a long time.
What are you doing here?
Come.
Are you behind it?
The hijacking?
Tough men.